- [Instructor] Before using the text analytics API,
we need to create a new Azure cognitive service resource
and obtain credentials to access that resource.
So having an Azure account is a prerequisite at this point.
If you don't have an account click on this button
on the Azure homepage to obtain your free trial account.
Once you have the account
then you can navigate into the portal using this link.
Inside of the portal, we can create resources
like our cognitive services.
To do that, we just click on this button.
This is going to allow us to search
for the resource that we'd like to create.
And when using cognitive services, we have several options.
The first is to deploy the whole bundle of services.
So if you just search for cognitive here,
you'll see this option in the dropdown.
And this would allow you to deploy
a bundle of cognitive services.
So this is going to be one end point to access
the vision, the language search
and speech services through Azure.
Now we're only interested in the text analytics API.
So we're going to go back to the previous screen,
and search for that option.
There we see it within the dropdown,
and using this approach,
we can only deploy the text analytics API.
And since that's all we're interested in,
I'm going to go ahead and click on the create button
to start that process.
That's going to require us to complete this form
where we provide information
about the resource we'd like to create.
The first thing we'll need to specify is the resource group.
This is just a way to organize your resources within Azure
to make them easier to manage.
So I'm going to name my new resource group
the Landon-hotel-monitor,
and I'll just separate those words with dashes,
and I'll click on, okay to go ahead and create that.
You can leave your region as the default, mine is East,
the next part is really important though.
So we need to provide a name for the resource,
and this name is going to be used
to create a domain that is used to access the resource.
So it has to be unique for each resource within Azure.
So your resource name will be different than mine.
I'm going to use Landon-hotel-feedback.
You might need to use something different here,
and that's going to have implications on your domain name
and you'll have to keep that in mind
in later lessons that you won't be able to use
the same domain as me.
Alright, so moving on from there,
we're going to go go ahead and select the pricing tier.
Now here's the awesome thing,
you're going to get 5,000 transactions
over the next 30 for free.
Go ahead and select that tier,
it'll be fine for the amount of volume
we're going to be sending in.
Then just go ahead, review your selections,
and if you're satisfied with them,
click on create and Azure will begin to deploy
and provision our cognitive service.
You can see it now action here,
and it's normally pretty quick,
we can see that it has completed that deployment.
Let's go check out the resource by clicking on this button.
So here's kind of a console
that we get to look at the resource
in different aspects of it.
I want to call your attention
to the keys and endpoint section within the sidebar.
Go ahead, click on that.
Here's where the important stuff is for us.
You'll recall that Azure cognitive services
are protected by an API key.
So here's where you find those keys.
And then if you remember the end point
or the domain name we were talking about earlier,
here it is.
So yours will look different than mine,
and you'll have to use that later in the lessons
when we're specifying this end point to our resource.
Alright, so with all this in place,
we can now go ahead and we're going to use
a tool called postman to make a test API call
over to Azure cognitive services.
Postman allows us to construct an HTTP request
for situations where we want to do things like testing.
To help us build that HTTP call to the API,
I'm going to put postman and the console side-by-side.
So let's first grab our endpoint,
and just paste it here, where the domain will go,
and then we're also going to grab our API keys.
And for right now, just navigate
to the authorization section,
and in the authorization section,
click on API key and paste that value right here.
We'll get the name of the API key in a minute.
Alright, so that's everything we need from the console,
let's now hop over to the documentation
for the text analytics API.
If we scroll down in the docs,
we're going to find the remainder of the information
that we need to call the text analytics API.
The first thing we'll pull from the docs
is the path to the sentiment service.
So just go ahead, copy that, and then paste it
after our domain for our resource on Azure.
Okay, if we keep scrolling down,
here we're going to find the name of the API key.
So we'll copy that it will be applied
as a header on the request,
and this will actually be the header name.
So we'll paste that into postman,
and then scrolling down further,
you're going to find an example of a request body
that we can send over.
You'll notice it's JSON,
so we have an array of documents,
and each of those documents
objects specifies a language, an ID,
and then the text that we would like
to analyze the sentiment of.
Go ahead and copy that,
and now we're going to go over to postman
and click on the body tab,
where we can build our request body,
then click on role and select JSON from this dropdown
that will indicate that we are sending JSON to the API.
Then just go ahead and paste the JSON into this text area.
Alright, there's one last thing we'll need to do,
the call to Azure Cognitive services uses an HTTP post,
so that's the HTTP method that we'll use to make the call.
And now we have everything.
So let's go ahead,
we'll send the call over to Azure cognitive services.
You can see that we do get a response,
and we get sentiment analysis conducted on those documents.
So you can see that in just minutes,
we were able to access AI capabilities
using Azure cognitive services.
Now that we've completed registration
for the text analytics API and made a few secure calls,
we can start building out a Java client
that makes the same request.